UNIT FILE                                  STATE           VENDOR PRESET
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static          -            
-.mount                                    generated       -            
boot.mount                                 generated       -            
dev-hugepages.mount                        static          -            
dev-mqueue.mount                           static          -            
home.mount                                 generated       -            
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              disabled        disabled     
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static          -            
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static          -            
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static          -            
sys-kernel-tracing.mount                   static          -            
tmp.mount                                  static          -            
var-lib-machines.mount                     static          -            
gpm.path                                   static          -            
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static          -            
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static          -            
session-2.scope                            transient       -            
alsa-restore.service                       static          -            
alsa-state.service                         static          -            
auditd.service                             disabled        disabled     
autovt@.service                            alias           -            
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled         disabled     
avahi-dnsconfd.service                     disabled        disabled     
blk-availability.service                   disabled        disabled     
bluetooth-mesh.service                     disabled        disabled     
bluetooth.service                          disabled        disabled     
btrfs-scrub@.service                       static          -            
canberra-system-bootup.service             disabled        disabled     
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service    disabled        disabled     
canberra-system-shutdown.service           disabled        disabled     
colord.service                             static          -            
console-getty.service                      disabled        disabled     
container-getty@.service                   static          -            
containerd.service                         disabled        disabled     
cpupower.service                           enabled         disabled     
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service       alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service      alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service     alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     alias           -            
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service     alias           -            
dbus.service                               static          -            
debug-shell.service                        disabled        disabled     
devmon@.service                            disabled        disabled     
display-manager.service                    alias           -            
dm-event.service                           static          -            
dmraid.service                             disabled        disabled     
dnsmasq.service                            disabled        disabled     
docker.service                             disabled        disabled     
e2scrub@.service                           static          -            
e2scrub_all.service                        static          -            
e2scrub_fail@.service                      static          -            
e2scrub_reap.service                       disabled        disabled     
ebtables.service                           disabled        disabled     
emergency.service                          static          -            
fancontrol.service                         disabled        disabled     
fstrim.service                             static          -            
ftpd.service                               disabled        disabled     
fwupd-offline-update.service               static          -            
fwupd-refresh.service                      static          -            
fwupd.service                              static          -            
geoclue.service                            static          -            
getty@.service                             enabled         enabled      
git-daemon@.service                        static          -            
gpm.service                                disabled        disabled     
healthd.service                            disabled        disabled     
initrd-cleanup.service                     static          -            
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static          -            
initrd-switch-root.service                 static          -            
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static          -            
ip6tables.service                          disabled        disabled     
iptables.service                           disabled        disabled     
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static          -            
krb5-kadmind.service                       disabled        disabled     
krb5-kdc.service                           disabled        disabled     
krb5-kpropd.service                        disabled        disabled     
krb5-kpropd@.service                       static          -            
laptop-mode.service                        enabled         disabled     
ldconfig.service                           static          -            
libvirt-guests.service                     disabled        disabled     
libvirtd.service                           disabled        disabled     
lm_sensors.service                         enabled         disabled     
lmt-poll.service                           disabled        disabled     
logrotate.service                          static          -            
lvm2-lvmetad.service                       static          -            
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      static          -            
lvm2-monitor.service                       static          -            
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static          -            
man-db.service                             static          -            
mdadm-grow-continue@.service               static          -            
mdadm-last-resort@.service                 static          -            
mdmon@.service                             static          -            
mdmonitor.service                          static          -            
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service static          -            
modprobe@.service                          static          -            
mpd.service                                disabled        disabled     
named.service                              disabled        disabled     
ndctl-monitor.service                      disabled        disabled     
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled         disabled     
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled         disabled     
NetworkManager.service                     enabled         disabled     
ninfod.service                             disabled        disabled     
nscd.service                               disabled        disabled     
nvmefc-boot-connections.service            disabled        disabled     
nvmf-autoconnect.service                   disabled        disabled     
nvmf-connect@.service                      static          -            
paccache.service                           static          -            
pam_namespace.service                      static          -            
pkgfile-update.service                     static          -            
polkit.service                             static          -            
polybar-checkupdates.service               static          -            
quotaon.service                            static          -            
rarpd@.service                             disabled        disabled     
rdisc.service                              disabled        disabled     
rescue.service                             static          -            
rfkill-block@.service                      disabled        disabled     
rfkill-unblock@.service                    disabled        disabled     
rlogin@.service                            static          -            
rsh@.service                               static          -            
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled        disabled     
sddm.service                               enabled         disabled     
sensord.service                            disabled        disabled     
serial-getty@.service                      disabled        disabled     
shadow.service                             static          -            
spice-webdavd.service                      static          -            
sshd.service                               disabled        disabled     
sshdgenkeys.service                        static          -            
sudo_logsrvd.service                       disabled        disabled     
system-update-cleanup.service              static          -            
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static          -            
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static          -            
systemd-backlight@.service                 static          -            
systemd-binfmt.service                     static          -            
systemd-bless-boot.service                 static          -            
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service     disabled        disabled     
systemd-boot-system-token.service          static          -            
systemd-coredump@.service                  static          -            
systemd-exit.service                       static          -            
systemd-firstboot.service                  static          -            
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime disabled     
systemd-fsck@.service                      static          -            
systemd-halt.service                       static          -            
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static          -            
systemd-hibernate.service                  static          -            
systemd-homed.service                      disabled        enabled      
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static          -            
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static          -            
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static          -            
systemd-importd.service                    static          -            
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service     static          -            
systemd-journal-flush.service              static          -            
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service           indirect        disabled     
systemd-journal-remote.service             indirect        disabled     
systemd-journal-upload.service             disabled        disabled     
systemd-journald.service                   static          -            
systemd-journald@.service                  static          -            
systemd-kexec.service                      static          -            
systemd-localed.service                    static          -            
systemd-logind.service                     static          -            
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static          -            
systemd-machined.service                   static          -            
systemd-modules-load.service               static          -            
systemd-network-generator.service          disabled        disabled     
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled        disabled     
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled        enabled      
systemd-nspawn@.service                    disabled        disabled     
systemd-portabled.service                  static          -            
systemd-poweroff.service                   static          -            
systemd-pstore.service                     disabled        enabled      
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static          -            
systemd-random-seed.service                static          -            
systemd-reboot.service                     static          -            
systemd-remount-fs.service                 enabled-runtime disabled     
systemd-repart.service                     static          -            
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled        enabled      
systemd-rfkill.service                     masked          disabled     
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static          -            
systemd-suspend.service                    static          -            
systemd-sysctl.service                     static          -            
systemd-sysusers.service                   static          -            
systemd-time-wait-sync.service             disabled        disabled     
systemd-timedated.service                  static          -            
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled         enabled      
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static          -            
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static          -            
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static          -            
systemd-udev-settle.service                static          -            
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static          -            
systemd-udevd.service                      static          -            
systemd-update-done.service                static          -            
systemd-update-utmp.service                static          -            
systemd-user-sessions.service              static          -            
systemd-userdbd.service                    indirect        disabled     
systemd-vconsole-setup.service             static          -            
systemd-volatile-root.service              static          -            
talk.service                               indirect        disabled     
teamd@.service                             static          -            
telnet@.service                            static          -            
udisks2-zram-setup@.service                static          -            
udisks2.service                            disabled        disabled     
updatedb.service                           static          -            
upower.service                             disabled        disabled     
usbmuxd.service                            static          -            
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static          -            
user@.service                              static          -            
uuidd.service                              indirect        disabled     
v2ray.service                              disabled        disabled     
v2ray@.service                             indirect        disabled     
virtinterfaced.service                     disabled        disabled     
virtlockd.service                          indirect        disabled     
virtlogd.service                           indirect        disabled     
virtlxcd.service                           disabled        disabled     
virtnetworkd.service                       disabled        disabled     
virtnodedevd.service                       disabled        disabled     
virtnwfilterd.service                      disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd.service                         disabled        disabled     
virtqemud.service                          disabled        disabled     
virtsecretd.service                        disabled        disabled     
virtstoraged.service                       disabled        disabled     
virtvboxd.service                          disabled        disabled     
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service            disabled        disabled     
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled        disabled     
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled        disabled     
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled        disabled     
xfs_scrub@.service                         static          -            
xfs_scrub_all.service                      static          -            
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                    static          -            
machine.slice                              static          -            
system-systemd\x2dcryptsetup.slice         static          -            
user.slice                                 static          -            
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled         disabled     
dbus.socket                                static          -            
dm-event.socket                            static          -            
docker.socket                              enabled         disabled     
git-daemon.socket                          disabled        disabled     
krb5-kpropd.socket                         disabled        disabled     
libvirtd-admin.socket                      disabled        disabled     
libvirtd-ro.socket                         disabled        disabled     
libvirtd-tcp.socket                        disabled        disabled     
libvirtd-tls.socket                        disabled        disabled     
libvirtd.socket                            enabled         disabled     
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                        static          -            
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                       static          -            
mpd.socket                                 disabled        disabled     
rlogin.socket                              disabled        disabled     
rsh.socket                                 disabled        disabled     
syslog.socket                              static          -            
systemd-coredump.socket                    static          -            
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket            disabled        disabled     
systemd-journal-remote.socket              disabled        disabled     
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static          -            
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static          -            
systemd-journald-varlink@.socket           static          -            
systemd-journald.socket                    static          -            
systemd-journald@.socket                   static          -            
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled        disabled     
systemd-rfkill.socket                      masked          disabled     
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static          -            
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static          -            
systemd-userdbd.socket                     disabled        enabled      
talk.socket                                disabled        disabled     
telnet.socket                              disabled        disabled     
uuidd.socket                               disabled        disabled     
virtinterfaced-admin.socket                disabled        disabled     
virtinterfaced-ro.socket                   disabled        disabled     
virtinterfaced.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtlockd-admin.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtlockd.socket                           disabled        disabled     
virtlogd-admin.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtlogd.socket                            disabled        disabled     
virtlxcd-admin.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtlxcd-ro.socket                         disabled        disabled     
virtlxcd.socket                            disabled        disabled     
virtnetworkd-admin.socket                  disabled        disabled     
virtnetworkd-ro.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtnetworkd.socket                        disabled        disabled     
virtnodedevd-admin.socket                  disabled        disabled     
virtnodedevd-ro.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtnodedevd.socket                        disabled        disabled     
virtnwfilterd-admin.socket                 disabled        disabled     
virtnwfilterd-ro.socket                    disabled        disabled     
virtnwfilterd.socket                       disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd-admin.socket                    disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd-ro.socket                       disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd-tcp.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd-tls.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtproxyd.socket                          disabled        disabled     
virtqemud-admin.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtqemud-ro.socket                        disabled        disabled     
virtqemud.socket                           disabled        disabled     
virtsecretd-admin.socket                   disabled        disabled     
virtsecretd-ro.socket                      disabled        disabled     
virtsecretd.socket                         disabled        disabled     
virtstoraged-admin.socket                  disabled        disabled     
virtstoraged-ro.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtstoraged.socket                        disabled        disabled     
virtvboxd-admin.socket                     disabled        disabled     
virtvboxd-ro.socket                        disabled        disabled     
virtvboxd.socket                           disabled        disabled     
basic.target                               static          -            
blockdev@.target                           static          -            
bluetooth.target                           static          -            
boot-complete.target                       static          -            
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static          -            
cryptsetup.target                          static          -            
ctrl-alt-del.target                        alias           -            
default.target                             alias           -            
emergency.target                           static          -            
exit.target                                disabled        disabled     
final.target                               static          -            
getty-pre.target                           static          -            
getty.target                               static          -            
graphical.target                           static          -            
halt.target                                disabled        disabled     
hibernate.target                           static          -            
hybrid-sleep.target                        static          -            
initrd-fs.target                           static          -            
initrd-root-device.target                  static          -            
initrd-root-fs.target                      static          -            
initrd-switch-root.target                  static          -            
initrd.target                              static          -            
kexec.target                               disabled        disabled     
local-fs-pre.target                        static          -            
local-fs.target                            static          -            
machines.target                            disabled        enabled      
multi-user.target                          static          -            
network-online.target                      static          -            
network-pre.target                         static          -            
network.target                             static          -            
nss-lookup.target                          static          -            
nss-user-lookup.target                     static          -            
nvmf-connect.target                        static          -            
paths.target                               static          -            
poweroff.target                            disabled        disabled     
printer.target                             static          -            
reboot.target                              disabled        enabled      
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled        enabled      
remote-fs-pre.target                       static          -            
remote-fs.target                           enabled         enabled      
rescue.target                              static          -            
rpcbind.target                             static          -            
shutdown.target                            static          -            
sigpwr.target                              static          -            
sleep.target                               static          -            
slices.target                              static          -            
smartcard.target                           static          -            
sockets.target                             static          -            
sound.target                               static          -            
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static          -            
suspend.target                             static          -            
swap.target                                static          -            
sysinit.target                             static          -            
system-update-pre.target                   static          -            
system-update.target                       static          -            
time-set.target                            static          -            
time-sync.target                           static          -            
timers.target                              static          -            
umount.target                              static          -            
usb-gadget.target                          static          -            
virt-guest-shutdown.target                 static          -            
btrfs-scrub@.timer                         disabled        disabled     
e2scrub_all.timer                          disabled        disabled     
fstrim.timer                               enabled         disabled     
fwupd-refresh.timer                        disabled        disabled     
laptop-mode.timer                          disabled        disabled     
logrotate.timer                            disabled        disabled     
man-db.timer                               disabled        disabled     
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                   static          -            
paccache.timer                             disabled        disabled     
pkgfile-update.timer                       enabled         disabled     
polybar-checkupdates.timer                 enabled         disabled     
shadow.timer                               static          -            
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static          -            
updatedb.timer                             static          -            
xfs_scrub_all.timer                        disabled        disabled     

379 unit files listed.
